## Meeting Details

- **Date/Time:** January 5th, 2022 @ 6:30pm UTC / 1:30pm ET / 10.30AM PT
- **Location:** [Discord SIG-Security Voice Room](https://discord.gg/FDA3s4FBD2)
- **Moderator:** [Deepak Sharma](https://github.com/dshmz)
- **Note Taker** [Pip Potter](https://github.com/lmbr-pip)

[Agenda](https://github.com/o3de/sig-security/issues/10)

## SIG Updates

* Deepak setup regular meeting time: https://lists.o3de.org/g/o3de-calendar/viewevent?repeatid=41352&eventid=1378813&calstart=2022-01-05
* Restarted charter discussions
* Pip reached out to SIG leads about known python security issues. 
* Pip drafted initial proposal for security reporting mechanisms: https://github.com/o3de/sig-security/discussions/9
* Pip raised SIG-Security reporting and response mechanisms with [TSC](https://github.com/o3de/tsc), working with Royal and Claire from Linux Foundation to ensure process is inline with Linux foundation expecations as O3de is hosted by Linux Foundation.


## Meeting Agenda
* Discussion and redraft of SIG charter: https://github.com/o3de/sig-security/issues/2#
* Initial security reporting proposals: https://github.com/o3de/sig-security/discussions/9 (subject to change based on discussions with LF)
* Report on current critical security fix campaigns

## Outcomes from Discussion topics

* Charter discussion briefly covered
- Deepak is going to take current comments on issue and redraft charter and bring back to SIG
- We encourage others to contribute here

* Attendees read discussion proposals for reporting issues
- No comments in meeting
- Agreed to convert proposals into issues to begin taking actions

* Report on current critical security fix campaigns
- Have campaign to patch all critical and high Dependabot issues on main O3DE repro
- Have 1 critical patched by SIG-Build, remaining critical is in Python component with unclear SIG ownership, Pip is escalating to find owners and resources to patch.

## Action Items
* Pip: continue to work with Linux Foundation about their guidance about reporting and response.
* Pip: To provide draft of response mechanisms plus response team proposal 
* Pip: Cut direct issues for immediate reporting deliverables.
* Deepak: Make a draft of the charter updates.

## Open Discussion Items

None.
