## Meeting Details

- **Date/Time:** January 19th, 2022 @ 6:30pm UTC / 1:30pm ET / 10.30AM PT
- **Location:** [Discord SIG-Security Voice Room](https://discord.gg/FDA3s4FBD2)
- **Moderator:** [Mike Chang](https://github.com/amzn-changml)
- **Note Taker** [Mike Chang](https://github.com/amzn-changml)

[Agenda](https://github.com/o3de/sig-security/issues/10)

## SIG Updates

* Deepak and Pip had conflicting meetings and could not attend. 
* Awaiting further updates with regards to the reporting and response mechanisms with TSC and Linux Foundation

## Meeting Agenda
* Report on current critical security fix campaigns
* Triage of current outstanding issues in o3de/o3de

## Outcomes from Discussion topics

* Charter discussion briefly discussed
    - Some questions about SPDX tooling ownership, as that is a legal and not a security mechanism. Will post a comment in the charter to discuss further

* Attendees read current open unassigned issues
    - All issues are currently awaiting completion of the proposals and RFCs

* Report on current critical security fix campaigns
    - Mike will be taking on the current Python dependancy updates
    - Confirmed that SIG-Security members have read access to the Github Dependabot alerts

## Action Items
* Mike: Will cut a ticket to Linux Foundation IT to provision the security@o3de.org email
* Mike: Follow-up with Linux Foundation IT on LFX security bot enrollment

## Open Discussion Items

None.